Seeing as how there is a link to a section of text in the assignment page, am I
  right to assume that it will be material that can make it's way onto the test?

  ANS: will not be tested on this textbook entry

For all these hard constraints, if in their description occurs either a
  machine that is not in {1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8} or a task that is not in
  {A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H}, then the system should terminate with the message
  "invalid machine/task". For hard constraint forced partial assignments
  should it also have this "invalid machine/task" error? or is an
  attempt at assigning tasks incorrectly here a "No valid solution possible"
  error?
  ANS: "No Valid solution possible" for errors related to forced partial &
  forbidden mach  in this case.

  Does this mean that the solution for the assignment output in this order?
  "invalid machine/task" > "Error while parsing input file" >
  "partial assignment error" > "No valid solution possible!" > "Solution"

  YES. Something like this. We need to be careful.

  I suppose its possible that we could throw an error for invalid machine/task
    before hitting an error while parsing input file? YES

Do the correct solutions for the assignment have quotation marks on the output
  or should we output the text in the quotations only, without the marks?
  ANS: Without quotation marks.

Should the "No valid solution possible!\n" have the newline? will that change
  the ability of the test programs to check the answer? invalid? I dunno. How
  does output work???!?

For the parser error are you expecting us to handle extra spaces between letters
  and between words?
  i.e "forced  partial assignment: " (two spaces between forced and partial) VALID
      " for ced partial assignment" (space between forced and partial) INVALID
      "Forced partial assignment" (is this case sensitive?) INVALID
      "forcedpartialassignment" (no spaces at all) INVALID

      what about no newline for some cases? INVALID
      extra newlines? INVALID

"Too near penalty" has no ':' at the end like the rest. Is this intended?

sarah outout question
errors outside of defined set
spelling mistake for penalty
